README.md, before:

# Gameplay Terrain Editor

#How can you compile it

1) you will need gameplay 3D game engine https://github.com/gameplay3d/GamePlay/

2) put the project in a folder and put the project folder in a folder that contain a folder named "gameplay" which would contain gameplay 3D engine

3) install Microsoft visual studio 2015 express or community

4) and then compile the project using the solution

#What it can do

1) it can generate terrains and noise them based on a seed

2) it can create trees on the terrains

3) it will page the terrains and objects in vectors then render terrains and trees based on distance and camera frustum

4) it can generate blendmaps and normalmaps based on the heightfield and save it in PNG image format

5) it can save terrains in binary files

6) it can edit the terrains vertices

7) it can edit blendmaps by using a paint brush

#What is wrong with it

1) it possibly have a bad syntax

2) there's some bugs with the editor tools and files managing tools

3) it wasn't tested on mac and linux platforms

4) most of the tools are either partially working or and doesn't have a UI to be conditionally useful

5) 75% of all the project contains functions that aren't commented(lol)

#What i will try to change

1) https://github.com/xthydra/GP_Terrain_Editor/blob/master/TODO.txt

2) https://github.com/xthydra/GP_Terrain_Editor/issues

#What will i not change

1) i don't feel like testing this project on a linux or mac platform

Commit message:

updated the readme to reflect my ambition
toward the project advancement

README.md, after:

# Gameplay Terrain Editor

#How can you compile it

1) you will need gameplay 3D game engine https://github.com/gameplay3d/GamePlay/

2) put the project in a folder and put the project folder in a folder that contain a folder named "gameplay" which would contain gameplay 3D engine

3) install Microsoft visual studio 2015 express or community

4) and then compile the project using the solution

#What it can do

1) it can generate terrains and noise them based on a seed

2) it can create trees on the terrains

3) it will page the terrains and objects in vectors then render terrains and trees based on distance and camera frustum

4) it can generate blendmaps and normalmaps based on the heightfield and save it in PNG image format

5) it can save terrains in binary files

6) it can edit the terrains vertices

7) it can edit blendmaps by using a paint brush

#What is wrong with it

1) it possibly have a bad syntax

2) there's some bugs with the editor tools and files managing tools

3) it wasn't tested on mac and linux platforms

4) most of the tools are either partially working or and doesn't have a UI to be conditionally useful

5) 75% of all the project contains functions that aren't commented(lol)

# i don't have the ambition anymore to work on this project anymore
